add notes for n25527 (#535)
bitcoin-core-review-club/website: _posts/2022-08-03-#25527.md

components: ["refactoring"]
host: glozow
status: upcoming
commit: d29f2fd
---

## Notes

- The [libbitcoinkernel project](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/24303) is an effort to
  decouple Bitcoin Core’s consensus engine from other non-consensus modules (such as the various

> indices) in the codebase. Previously, we have covered kernel-related PRs [#24410](/24410) and

Author: Er what do you mean by index?

attribute to both functions. What does `[[nodiscard]]` do, and why
or why not is it appropriate to add here?

1. [This
   commit](https://github.com/bitcoin-core-review-club/bitcoin/commit/d29f2fd9b49ac00a3721af7260dbbf59e9e8387c)
changes the type of `signature_cache_bytes` and `script_execution_cache_bytes` from `int64_t` to
`size_t`. What is the difference between `int64_t`, `uint64_t`, and `size_t`, and why should
a `size_t` hold these values?

1. What is the maximum value for `ValidationCacheSizes::signature_cache_bytes` after [this
   diff](https://github.com/bitcoin-core-review-club/bitcoin/commit/d29f2fd9b49ac00a3721af7260dbbf59e9e8387c#diff-f36fa9dcd326237b98e6d365b03eea9af04bccd5a555fdf91f402cafc7d20cdcR26-R29)?
Is this a behavior change? Why or why not is the code correct?

1. The
   [commit](https://github.com/bitcoin-core-review-club/bitcoin/commit/e4d5bab88e9acad53cb8d636d836d2cdf9bb49b8)
introducing src/node/validation\_cache\_args
[adds](https://github.com/bitcoin-core-review-club/bitcoin/commit/e4d5bab88e9acad53cb8d636d836d2cdf9bb49b8#diff-5aa4eb91717e30e73956da744da7d89de289d4bcca940b73a6285ea547275a94R47)

> it to the include-what-you-use check in the tidy CI job. What does this check do? Were you able to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it to the [include-what-you-use](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/24831) check in the tidy CI job. What does this check do? Were you able to
```

run it yourself?

> 1. Quiz: A mainnet node receives a new block at height 710,000 containing a few
>    transactions (with taproot activation height at 709,632). Which of the following transactions
> could hit its script cache, assuming nothing has been evicted?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Quiz: A mainnet node receives a new block at height 710,000 containing a few
   transactions. Which of the following transactions
could hit its script cache, assuming nothing has been evicted? (Note: taproot was activated at height 709,632)
```

```
(A) the coinbase transaction
(B) a transaction the node has never seen before

> (C) a transaction with the same txid but different witness as a tx in its mempool

Reviewer: nit: consistent naming
```suggestion
(C) a transaction with the same txid but different wtxid as a transaction in its mempool
```

(D) a transaction that was in its mempool but replaced by another

> (E) a non-taproot transaction accepted to the mempool at height 709,000

Reviewer: nit: I think technically there's no such thing as (non-) taproot transactions? Sacrifices readability though, so maybe keep it?
```suggestion
(E) a transaction without taproot inputs and outputs accepted to the mempool at height 709,000
```
